fix: Clarify live reload section for Quarkus (#877)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/integrations/quarkus.asciidoc

== Limitations

WebSockets Push does not currently work in the Vaadin extension for Quarkus.
As a consequence, Live Reload functionality for changes in both Java and frontend files is not available.

> Note that you're able to see the applied changes by saving the file and manually refreshing the browser's page, no build/rebuild is needed.

Reviewer: Should perhaps be a `[NOTE]` and mention that when running in development mode (quarkus:dev) changes will be reloaded on save and can be seen with a browser refresh. Also should not that compilation outside of the quarkus development mode (server?) will break the running project

Author: > Also should not that compilation outside of the quarkus development mode (server?) will break the running project

Yes, it shouldn't fail like this. I'll move the original ticket from docs to quarkus repo for further investigation.

== Limitations

WebSockets Push does not currently work in the Vaadin extension for Quarkus.
As a consequence, Live Reload functionality for changes in both Java and frontend files is not available.
[NOTE]

> When running in development mode (quarkus:dev), changes in Java or frontend files will be reloaded on a save and can be seen with a browser refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running in development mode (quarkus:dev), changes in Java or frontend files compile after saving and can show up after refreshing the browser page.
```
